Installation Instructions for Linux Weather Manager
---------------------------------------------------

Installation is fairly simple. 

There are two ways to install: as root (recommended, details below), or as a 
non-root user. You do not need to become root before installing in order to
install as root (in fact, I recommend that you do not become root), as the 
installer will prompt you for the root password.

To install as root, simply copy weathermanager.tar.gz to a temporary directory, 
unpack it, and then type:

$ sh install.sh

You will be prompted for root password. It is recommended you install as root
since this will make the application available to all users on the system, as 
well as integrate weather manager into desktops (e.g., GNOME, KDE, and 
bluecurve on redhat) that conform to the freedesktop.org standards 
(see http://www.freedesktop.org for more details). As of this writing, I have 
only tested desktop integration against RedHat 9, but I will have more 
extensive coverage in the future. The application will be located in the 
Internet menu, to run it, simply select the Weather Manager menu item. You can 
also launch weathermanager by typing:

$ weathermanager

in a command window.

If you plan to install for your own use (e.g., not as root), then locate or 
create a directory accessible to you (e.g., below your HOME directory), copy
the weathermanager.tar.gz file there, unpack it, and once again, type:

$ install.sh

The software will be installed in the current directory, and no effort will be 
made to integrate with the desktop. You will also have to set your 
LD_LIBRARY_PATH to include the current directory so that the runtime loader 
can find the weathermanager executable. Furthermore, because the application
is not integrated into the desktop, you can only run from the command line,
e.g., by typing:

$ weathermanager

